Separate out optional metadata fields from custom fields and update for v12 (#675)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/releases/temporary-versions/version-v12.0.0b1.md

However, there are situations where additional metadata fields are needed to capture more specific information about the research data. InvenioRDM provides the ability to add custom fields to the data model to accommodate these specific needs.

The custom fields, such as journal, thesis, conference, imprint, and notes, are
not included in the regular data model because they are not commonly used for
describing research data. These fields are more specific to certain types of
research or publications, and therefore, may not be relevant or necessary for

> all research data - however they are now provided as possible extensions to the
> data model. Instance manages is able to include these fields by configuration.
> For more details on how to configure the aforementioned fields, visit
> [reference page](../../reference/metadata/optional_metadata.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all research data. However, they are now provided as possible extensions to the
data model. Instance managers are able to include those fields by configuration.
For more details on how to configure them, visit
[reference page](../../reference/metadata/optional_metadata.md).
```
